this is bumper to bumper TV pickup
trucks are a pretty common sight on the
roads these days for the most part they
are gasoline-powered half-ton class
vehicle however for serious work or
holland the diesel engine is growing in
popularity and automakers see competing
hard in this segment so we decided to
put two diesels a GMC and a Ford in the
hands of people who make their trucks
work Martin Stuckey is a landscaper who
owns a gasoline-powered mid-90s GMC
suburban he tested the latest GMC 2500
heavy-duty diesel beers Susan and Paul
Reed on a horse farm and pull a trailer
with a mid-90s ford f-350 dually they
got to play with the new ford super duty
for Martin Stuckey working the truck
means carrying or towing a variety of
things loading brick and full of lawn
mowers for commercial on boy and a lot
of other power tools so it was it was
pretty packed with clients all around
the Atlanta region Stuckey and the GMC
spent a lot of time getting to know each
other and the area's infamous highway
system he came away from the experience
with a different perspective on
diesel-powered vehicles another thing
about the deep was the response I mean
getting onto best way to follow put the
foot down and you work into traffic into
the next Lane and moving down Stuckey
also had some observations on the
reconfigured exterior mirrors and their
effectiveness
lose the drill at that truck runs as
quiet as Mike for Paul Reed that is the
difference between his old truck and the
latest ford super duty f-250 he and his
wife Susan were impressed by the
conformance and handling as well as the
low noise well that's brand new your car
is not what I'm saying your car is 288
thousand miles up in their opinion the
updated ford truck can do a lot more
than anticipated right now hauling
trailers anywhere with it the new
tailgate on the floor was something all
of the testers liked a lot right now
when I get into my duallys like ah you
know it was just so smart well Ford and
GM enjoy a sizable lead in this segment
they may not have long to enjoy the
moment import brands like Toyota and
Nissan which already build full sucks
pickup trucks may not be that far away
from trying to offer their own
heavy-duty diesel trucks in the not so
distant future this is Greg Morris